Independent JPEG Group's free JPEG software
-------------------------------------------

This package contains C software to implement JPEG image encoding, decoding,
and transcoding.  JPEG is a standardized compression method for full-color
and grayscale images.

The distributed programs provide conversion between JPEG JFIF format and
image files in PBMPLUS PPM/PGM, GIF, BMP, and Targa file formats.  The
core compression and decompression library can easily be reused in other
programs, such as image viewers.  The package is highly portable C code;
we have tested it on many machines ranging from PCs to Crays.

We are releasing this software for both noncommercial and commercial use.
Companies are welcome to use it as the basis for JPEG-related products.
We do not ask a royalty, although we do ask for an acknowledgement in
product literature (see the README file in the distribution for details).
We hope to make this software industrial-quality --- although, as with
anything that's free, we offer no warranty and accept no liability.

For more information, contact jpeg-info@jpegclub.org.


Contents of this directory
--------------------------

jpegsrN.zip contains source code, documentation, and test files for
release N in Windows format.

jpegsrc.vN.tar.gz contains source code, documentation, and test files for
release N in Unix format.

T-REC-T.871-201105-I!!PDF-E.pdf is a PDF (Portable Document Format) file of
the JFIF (JPEG File Interchange Format) specification version 1.
This is a copy from https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-T.871.

jfif3.pdf is a PDF (Portable Document Format) file of
the older JFIF (JPEG File Interchange Format) specification version 1.
This is a copy from https://www.w3.org/Graphics/JPEG/jfif3.pdf.

Wallace.JPEG.pdf is a PDF (Portable Document Format) file of Greg Wallace's
introductory article about JPEG.  This is an update of the article that
appeared in the April 1991 Communications of the ACM.

jpeg.documents.gz tells where to obtain the JPEG standard and documents
about JPEG-related file formats.

TIFFTechNote2.txt.gz is a draft of the proposed revisions to TIFF 6.0's
JPEG support.

pm.errata.gz is the errata list for the first printing of the textbook
"JPEG Still Image Data Compression Standard" by Pennebaker and Mitchell.

jdosaobj.zip contains pre-assembled object files for JMEMDOSA.ASM.
If you want to compile the IJG code for MS-DOS, but don't have an assembler,
these files may be helpful.
